refactor: use year/month in blog post URLs (#382)
apache/camel-website: README.md

Use the `blog` archetype to create a new markdown content file in `content/blog`:

>     $ yarn hugp new --kind blog blog/POST-HOME/index.md # replace POST-HOME with the pattern aaaa/mm/url-slug

Reviewer: Perhaps we can make it a bit more clear:
```suggestion
    $ yarn hugp new --kind blog blog/YYYY/MM/index.md # replace YYYY with the year and MM with the month
```

Author: Thanks. We also need the PostName in the URL scheme in addition to YYYY and MM.
